content/posts/3/index.md, before:

---
title: A Guy In Middle of Indian Traditional Educational Society
author: Chaduvula Prasanth
date: 2019-09-01
hero: ./images/hero.jpeg
excerpt: A road trip from Madurai to Dhanushkodi (the last land of India) with my best friend on Hero Hf Deluxe 100cc bike.
---


I planned a road trip from Madurai to Dhanushkodi (the last land of India) Tamilnadu. My best friend joined in the journey. He reached Madurai where I was staying at the time of this trip. I have taken a Hero Hf Deluxe bike for rent which is 100cc bike but me only two things were there in the brain that is bike rent should be less and mileage should be more.


Night 8 pm I received a bike from the vendor and went to the railway station to pick my friend who came from Hyderabad to Madurai. We stayed in Madurai for that night in a rented house where I used to stay.


### **First-day ride to the largest functioning Hindu temple in the world.**


we started the bike ride early morning at 5:03 AM and took the national highway to Trichy(Tiruchirappalli) which is 140 km and into the town, it's total of 165 km.


The best part of the morning ride on the highways is we can feel beautiful sunrise with clean blue sky and empty roads. 


After three and a half hours of riding, by 8.30 AM, we reached Srirangam, the largest functioning Hindu temple in the world. The temple belongs to Lord Sri Ranganathaswamy. 


The temple site is on a large island bounded by the Kaveri River and Kollidam River.  The temple occupies an area of 155 acres (63 ha) with 81 shrines, 21 towers, 39 pavilions, and many water tanks integrated into the complex making it the world's largest functioning Hindu temple.
The temple complex has been nominated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site and is in UNESCO's tentative list


story continues......

Commit message:

completd blog abou A Guy In Middle of Indian Traditional Educational Society

content/posts/3/index.md, after:

---
title: A Guy In Middle of Indian Traditional Educational Society
author: Chaduvula Prasanth
date: 2019-09-01
hero: ./images/hero.jpeg
excerpt: if you fail in one destination, that doesn’t mean you have to die. life is a journey it's not a destination. live in moments and cherish them
---

A Guy In Middle of Indian Traditional & Educational Society

for anyone, life is a journey and whatever happens from birth to death in human life are destinations.  

let's start a story that belongs to you. you saved so much money and planned a road trip with your friends.  you have taken a car and started driving. after travelling for 20Km you struck in traffic due to red signal.


one old man who is selling small dolls in that traffic signal junction came to you and started asking you "please buy a doll sir, please".
you liked the dog and asked, "what is the cost of the doll". the old man replied "RS.100". then you asked for Rs.80, the old man said no sir, then you again said Rs.80, in that meantime the traffic signal turned to the green from red.


you didn't buy the doll and started driving the car. you are driving the car but thinks about the doll. thinks..... after some time you realised that I planned a road trip which costs me a lot of money, but I didn't spend Rs.20 on the doll, I should have bought that doll. but you won't die for this thing???


after driving for 10km more,  you struck in another traffic signal and one small boy who is begging in that traffic signal junction came nearer to yours. you wanted to donate the money but you don't have five rupees change with you, you asked your friends who are sitting inside the car but no one has five rupees change and you don't want to donate the Rs.10 to that boy.that meantime the traffic signal turned to the green from red.
you didn't donate anything to that boy and started driving the car. you are driving the car but thinks about the boy. thinks..... after some time you realised that I planned a road trip which costs me a lot of money, but I didn't donate Rs.10 to a small boy, I should have donated. but you won't die for this thing ????


the problem here is you should not feel about the old man and small boy, you wanted to go on a road trip that's your journey. in the middle of the road, you will meet so many people but you shouldn’t think about them. Because you aim to travel, that’s it.


in life also you will face so many things like 10th class, +2, Engineering, marriage..........if you fail in 10th, then what will happen, if you fail in campus placements then what will happen?? nothing will happen, because you came to this earth to live life, life is a journey and like your 10th class, +2, Engineering, marriage.......... maximum there 50 important events and all these are destinations. like your road trip if you like them you buy the doll or you donate money but your aim is a road trip. in the same way, life is a journey which has a lot of destinations, after completing one destination next destination will come.


if you fail in one destination, that doesn’t mean you have to die. life is a journey it's not a destination. live in moments and cherish them
